Do not merge until v8.5.4: MySQL compatibility about decimal insert through jdbc (#22007)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-java-jdbc.md

- Reduce [boilerplate code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boilerplate_code) for managing connections and transactions.
- Manipulate data with data objects instead of a number of SQL statements.

### MySQL compatibility

When you insert data into a `DECIMAL` column, if the number of decimal places exceeds the defined scale, MySQL performs a `TRUNCATE` operation and inserts the data successfully, regardless of how many extra decimal places there are.

In TiDB v8.5.3 and earlier versions:

> - If the number of decimal places exceeds the column's defined scale but does not exceed 72, TiDB also performs a `TRUNCATE` operation and inserts the data successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the number of decimal places exceeds the defined scale but does not exceed 72, TiDB also automatically truncates the extra digits and inserts the truncated data successfully.
```

> - However, if the number of decimal places exceeds 72, the write operation fails and returns an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- However, if the number of decimal places exceeds 72, the insertion fails and returns an error.
```

> Starting from TiDB v8.5.4, TiDB's behavior aligns with that of MySQL: regardless of the number of excess decimal places, it performs a `TRUNCATE` operation and inserts the data successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v8.5.4, TiDB aligns its behavior with MySQL: regardless of how many extra decimal places there are, it automatically truncates the extra digits and inserts the truncated data successfully.
```
